denison prestamo go to his boogers
Kapellmeister a suunto neto stefano
delle equi Mei Ren Scotia old mature
Mobius intezar stow bill AP rocky negro
PDT sushi drew Gooden a Ypres barking a
sweet agreed sushi charitable any
burglars la aunt Anita yes ma'am the
Tennessee prepper toe hurts koi pata
Tony juniper Hoodie Allen missing the CP
reboot / parte para poder report akola
Puma stop oh no mrs. fetcher to date we
present you a grandmaster Tonetta
stefanova from bulgaria a great name of
woman chess I will explain you
immediately why she was a European
champion in 2002 and the world champion
in 2004 I asked her I know that she is
not for the first time here in Croatia
but I suppose that he is for the sheath
for the first time in New patia and I I
guessed well her impressions are very
positive and she really enjoyed her stay
in Napata ritzy pathetic not near a
nearby bar sent a zebra head and / 18
gunam tony roche aqui vamos a poder del
tronco lo mejor tema bill i Sam Raimi
haha more protein integra akudo bro yes
a memo attorney figure a miss Linda
Remini a nigga catastrophic owner have
no es Ensenada wada forum Sal's top
rotini Rizzo tottaly poslat Oh isando
birthday party today miss Linda tsutsui
normal her start in the first round was
not very successful she was obliged to
consider draw to her opponent she said
that her opponent to play really very
well that game and it was just nothing
to do she was black in that game
major team attacking Tony Romo poor
schwitters consists mo surreality
mammalian brain Cola accordance Cola
dovin luggage co-packer start moshe BTW
veliki handicap or no suna directnic
concurrent yeah me soon decide on
ice-core duka distancia takada him
avremi special egg remove me rusev on da
kuhdai MSM danny is anitra to lacrosse
vinod SI una dancer at regrettable
alleged party I asked her if it's not
such a great handicap to consider draw
already in around first and if there
will be enough time to compensate this
loss of half a point and this lag behind
her direct rivals for top places in the
final standing she said that there is 11
rounds are just enough to compensate
everything and after this first round
she managed to win two games in a row
and there will be enough direct games
between between the opponent's for
between candidates for the first place
and she's rather optimistic about her
chances to get the title in a crescendo
PETA Nocona muchas Venice shahe stay at
way over novel with inoperable unaltered
tolerancing Kokua to a machine yeah
Muslim the toe ok I co ternary mamani
gotcha is with whiskey Hotel Ukraina
nice tomatoes at the store oh this one
is empty tray stop esto lo de ma the
lake was our y de de moto bo-zone satiny
mamonas good no I am aslam de beaupré
vivo mas me so a cada rato más despacio
paradiso katima dear
no direct translation a television aquia
never ended on a Buddha tolerance
pettiness minuta a cozy nest today sees
a transport neznam Princip will miss him
deprived you will interesante no le
marais organized a triple organizer at
the transport is mesh tasers o travel my
last question was about a new introduced
rule of so-called zero tolerance and i
received the response which i expected
to have and that is that such a rule is
possible only if all the players are
situated in the hotel where the
tournament is played but in such
circumstances where the hotel is so far
from the tournament hole it is much
better to get some tolerance of let's
say quarter of an hour otherwise
otherwise my we might have rather
unpleasant situations which are better
to be avoided voila Tina lip shah alam
no erotica interview agent Epona ser
hecho Nassif cotton era we wish you a
lot of luck in in this tournament and
thank you for this interview